Feature/solc v0.6 (#19)
smartcontractkit/LinkToken: README.md

To prevent accidental burns, the token does not allow transfers to the contract itself and to 0x0.

Security audit for [v0.4 version of the contracts](./contracts/v0.4/) is available [here](https://gist.github.com/Arachnid/4aa88041bd6e34835b8c0fd051245e79).

## Details

- Deployments:
  - Ethereum Mainnet [LinkToken v0.4](./flat/v0.4/LinkToken.sol): [0x514910771AF9Ca656af840dff83E8264EcF986CA](https://etherscan.io/address/0x514910771af9ca656af840dff83e8264ecf986ca)
- Decimals: 18
- Name: ChainLink Token
- Symbol: LINK

## Installation

> The project contains [v0.4 contracts](./contracts/v0.4/) that were used for LINK Ethereum Mainnet deployment in 2017, and upgraded [v0.6 contracts](./contracts/v0.6/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project contains [v0.4 contracts](./contracts/v0.4/) that were used for LINK Ethereum Mainnet deployment in 2017. For deployments moving forward, we use the updated [v0.6 contracts](./contracts/v0.6/) which use a more recent version of solc and the OpenZeppelin token standards. These updates include a minor ABI change around approval/allowance naming.
```
